Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Guts!
Take up that sword!
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Moment of Glory
Griffith!
Wow!
I didn't know that so
many people lived in Windam!
Pippin!
Miss Caska!
My dear sister, please turn around!
I can't take it...
The Hawks' Raiders!
Commander Guts is taking the lead!
He is the man who
beat General Boscogn!
He's the strongest
warrior in the Hawks!
This is great!
I've never seen such an
enthusiastic victory parade before.
Well, why don't you wave your
arm or something, Commander?
You are the hero of the battle, after all.
Commander?
What's the matter?
You look a little down.
Really, I'm okay...
It's real...
How could anyone even
dream of this day three years ago?
That's true!
But one man did...
Only him...
I will get my own kingdom...
It's amazing...
...he did it...
There he comes, My Lady!
Look, Sir Griffith is so popular!
All of the women are in a frenzy.
No, don't get any closer to him!
How overly familiar!
Please, make haste!
My Lady, please stand still, will you?
Otherwise, your dress...
Tell me, how do I look?
You look fantastic in it.
You have changed five dresses,
My Lady, you had best decide now.
Really?
But I think...
My Lady, come here and hurry!
He is passing by, hurry!
Wait, wait!
The Princess sure
became cheerful all of a sudden.
She would barely eat when
the Hawks were in the field.
Sir Griffith!
Oh, no!
It is impossible in this noisy crowd.
You had best wait until the celebration.
Did you make the arrangements?
Consider it done.
We should hold a feast to celebrate
after everything has fallen into place.
A feast held to express
our regrets over his death.
This is ironic.
The White Hawk of the battlefield will
meet his end caged within these stone walls.
Of course, it will happen on this
day, the most notable in his entire life.
This is merciful, at least.
Minister Foss!
What's happened?
I brought a letter addressed to you, sir.
A letter?
But from who?
I do not know.
A lady from the court
entrusted this to me.
Excuse me.
T-This is...
What is the matter, Minister Foss?
W-Well...
Nothing is the matter, Your Majesty.
I have a little errand to take
care of, so please excuse me.
See you later, then.
How?
How did this happen?
Bastard!
Look!
Here comes Sir Griffith!
The members of the Hawks?
They are the
guardian angels of Midland!
I bet...
...the money commoners work hard for
is taxed away and spent on this place.
Yeah...
Hey, stick out your chest!
They will look down on
you if you aren't confident!
I'm so nervous, it's embarrassing.
But, we have come this far at last.
That's true.
I can't believe that I'm standing in a
place I've only heard about in faerie tales!
If I didn't meet the Hawks and Griffith...
...I would never have even
imagined this sight, not even in a dream...
Me, surrounded by
nobles in a huge castle like this.
Sir Griffith!
Welcome back, My Lord.
Pleased to see you safe,
we were worried about you.
I heard the Hawks carried the
battle on their shoulders again.
Please tell us your
stories of the battlefield.
Would you mind if I
offered myself for a dance later?
I would love to dance with you, too!
No, tell us your story first.
I am afraid of boring you ladies
by telling a barbarous war tale.
We will never be bored
at all, it's very exciting!
Yes!
Wow...
He certainly seems at home...
Damn, he should
share one of them with me!
You must be the
commanders of the Hawks?
I would like you to tell me of your
heroic exploits on the battlefield.
You certainly are strong, aren't you?
Well, I really am, I must confess.
I am even afraid of my own strength.
It's you, isn't it?
The Commander of
the Hawk's Raiders...
...the one who defeated
General Boscogn in single combat?
Y-Yeah...
How fabulous!
Despite the fact
that General Boscogn...
...was their big hero and his reputation
is still widely known in every country.
That's true!
I also heard...
...that you fought against a hundred
men and defeated them all by yourself.
Is that true?
Y-Yeah...
This is unbelievable!
Are you the
strongest man in the Hawks?
Who is stronger, Sir Griffith or you?
Hey, you take care of them!
Oh, no!
He's leaving!
All right, no problem!
It's not fair, Guts!
So cute!
Um...
How muscular!
Let me touch, let me touch!
They are all swollen-headed...
Deep down, all of them
probably feel undeserving of this praise.
Perhaps...
But, even the generals cannot help
admitting the Hawks' real capability.
Sure they cannot...
...because the Hawks fulfilled
our the long cherished wish...
...of our kingdom,
after one hundred years.
As if it were nothing.
It was rewarding for you to
speak up for him before, Sir Raban.
You have foresight and
I will follow your example.
You are talking like some
scheming minister, Sir Owen.
However, we will all need
to be a little like that in future.
The war is over.
I pray to God that the upcoming
peace and tranquility will last for ages...
In a period of peace, warriors like us
who only know how to wield swords...
...have to find a new way
to survive within the castle.
Ironically, the man who brought
this peace must also be aware of this...
That man stands out
so much, it will be difficult...
...for him to survive within the
castle during a time of peace.
The stronger that any light shines...
...the darker the nearby shadows grow.
Oh, geez...
I can't deal with this.
What are they doing?
Come on!
H-Hey, wait...
What the...
Who the hell are you?
Those men are pestering me,
and I don't know what to do.
I want you to pretend
you're my partner for a while.
It's annoying!
I guess those useless sons of
noblemen don't see many female warriors.
They look at me like I'm
some kind of rare animal...
What are you looking at?
I didn't know you liked to wear...
Don't tell me that...
Just come this way!
How embarrassing!
It's not my fault!
I see...
I'm not very good
at these kind of things.
Wielding a sword is
much more comfortable.
I agree.
But I wonder what put
such an idea into your head?
To think that you, our brave sister
Caska, is wearing a flowing dress...
I usually dress like a man just
because it's easier to move that way.
It doesn't mean that I'm
fond of wearing men's clothes!
But...
I shouldn't have done
something I'm not used to.
I'll make myself sick if I keep
wearing this kind of loose dress.
To come to think it,
I haven't worn a skirt for so long...
And look at all my muscle...
Don't I look ridiculous?
No, you look good.
Really?
Sure, you look better than the
noble girls crowding around Griffith.
Hey, why don't you ask
Griffith to dance with you?
No...
It's impossible...
I haven't danced since the small
festivals in my village when I was a kid...
I'd end up stepping on Griffith's feet...
Anyway, tell me why you've
had such a change of heart.
You've never showed up in
conservative places like this before...
I want to see
everything through to the end...
What?
Ever since I met you three years ago...
...what Griffith and I...
...what everyone has
done within these years...
...and what he has won so far,
and what he will win in the future...
I want to see it to the end.
That's why I came.
Guts...
...you want to leave...
...the Band of the Hawk.
For real?
No matter what?
Long live the King!
There's our sponsor now.
You go on ahead.
I'll stay here and cool off for a while.
I can't stand listening to
the King's tedious speeches.
Don't be too long.
Sure...
You...
What?
No...
Nothing...
There is another reason why
I'm here at this evening party.
No one knows what will
happen here in a few moments.
Neither Caska nor the
other members of the Hawks...
It's a little too much
for them, isn't it, Griffith?
First of all, I shall share
some good news with you.
A little while ago, the Chuder special
envoy sent representatives to our kingdom.
They carried a signed armistice treaty.
I am most grateful for the toil and
ordeals you have endured for so long.
I should like to
express my utmost gratitude.
It is understandable that more
than few of you might be displeased...
...by the armistice.
After all, many of you lost
your family and friends to this war...
...and our enmity toward Chuder
has been harbored for generations.
However, it is urgent for
us to rebuild our kingdom.
Our kingdom has been
exhausted due to the war effort.
I expect you all to use your capabilities
to contribute prosperity to my reign.
As you well know...
...this armistice is made possible by the
Band of the Hawk, led by Count Griffith.
It is due to their distinguished services.
During the past one hundred years...
...it has been said the conquering
of Doldrey would be utterly impossible.
But they succeeded in such an
undertaking with unparalleled courage.
Excuse me, let me pass please.
And I will inform you now, at this
joyous celebration, that there will be...
...a rite of decoration held
on the day after tomorrow...
I believe it might be proper for me
to grant Count Griffith and the Hawks...
...the title of White Knights, the title of
supreme command over Midland's armies...
The titles most
appropriate to be granted...
...are the White Hawk General
Griffith, and the White Hawk Knights.
All of the commanders
of the Hawk's companies...
...will be personally knighted
by me and raised to the peerage.
The White Hawk General!
The White Hawk Knights!
Wonderful!
It's fantastic!
I can't believe this...
...we will become nobles?
Isn't it wonderful?
Uh, thank you...
Please let me pass.
Why...
...the man who rose from commoners
is promoted to the highest rank in Midland.
Utter nonsense...
This is quite unexpected.
Indeed...
This is great!
You will meet your end shortly...
Become drunk on your illusive
prosperity while you still can.
It is about time, Mr. Foss.
What's wrong with you?
You really look pale...
This is unlike you.
Is it because you are afraid of...
N-No, of course I'm not...
Please pull yourself together, Mr. Foss.
Please, sir.
Certainly, thank you.
Now, we should toast the
celebration of our young heroes...
...and of course, the
future prosperity of Midland.
Excuse me, let me pass please.
Raise your glass!
Cheers!
Please, make way.
Griffith...
Griffith!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
What does a man think when he
reaches the summit of his dream?
Days long past, future
ambitions, or the emotion of love?
Dreams are to be fulfilled
for a man's own self, but...
...in his pursuit,
he loses something else.
By the time he realizes it is gone,
will it be too late to restore what is lost?
Tombstone of Flames
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm